writting really helps ,so to those who didnt knew the loss i had on 1st april 2021 ,sorry for not replying your text hope you understand .
this unwanted  goodbye to the things i would never want to get over has came to an end .
now when baba will say kam karat nahi nusti zhopte you wont be there saying zopu de tila ,
now i have to attend all the family functions because now i wont have to be at home looking after you ,now who will rescue me,
now i dont have to argue or play hide n seek to have you sweet .
chilling with your grandfather when on one at home with the marathi serials and bitching the stuff the coolest thing ever i had .
my morning hugs and wait till you sleep  the routine is so distrub now 
i remember when i first saw you with the stick in your hand to balance your body it almost took a week for me to accept the fact of you geeting old 
and now the fact that you are just gone ,haunt me makes me restless .
so the day i told you that i might go out of nagpur for work and you said "hamara kya hoga" that touched me so much that i did not  wanted to leave 
nagpur .
here , my planning start thinking  of a times when i wont be around you making you learn android phone ,or operating radio ,so that you wont feel alone .
my major concern of not letting him feel alone knowing his past and circumtances he has gone through .i alwways wanted to kill this hard vibes 
and with all these planning in your head ,realtity checkes ...he is no more !!!life what you expext from me .
what all i am missing is pooru pani la de ,pooru tv laga de,pooru papa kidhar hai,pooru ye le kuch paise ,porru soap la de ,beta uth gye ,
beta khana kha liya ,
now there is just not so pooru .
isnt its a special feeling amongst all the grandkids i was/am his the most loved one ..and i used to give my heart to be on the first position 
ik so kiddish but i i used to love 
it when things are off for others and on for me . for me his rules where different and that was so damn special feeling .
the night when it was hard for him to breathe and all we could do is giving him water i was the last one he drank water from and seeing him gulping
 the water 
i didnt thought of the worst tommorow . and in the morning  when his breathe was slowing down the speed and all the mixed emostions
 right there getting 
oximeter to check and it not showing anything. the  pulses are down i touched his chest didnt find any movement and the worst ,unwanted ,
never had such feeling before .
just blank flashing of memories huh...he is gone .
for now am smilling ,laughing living my life .but realising everyday what i had lost . 
because it was 1st april i am hopeing for rest of my life that someday someone to come and say that was april fool and i get up saying what a worst dream and come to you hugged 
to tight .(ik ik again being kiddish) 
i loved you so much ABBA . you the most handsome man ! i will always miss geting ready just for clicking pictures .
i have written a lot and it can go on and on but i need to stop .ok bye.
love your grandparents because they loves you .